chore: Migration files cleanup and documentation. (#16680)
SAP/spartacus: docs/migration/6_0/README.md

For 6.0+, typescript breaking changes will be detected by a script and the documentation and migration schematics will be generated.

This folder contains the documentation input for the breaking change types that are not handled automatically and for automatically detected breaking changes that need a manual migration comment.

> To streamline the process, doc inpu for different change types go in in different files.  Here is a list of changes and their corresponding file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To streamline the process, doc input for different change types go in different files.  Here is a list of changes and their corresponding files:
```
